docs: update docker guide to allow for server access and show troubleshooting (#24549)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/guides/docker.mdx

This guide will explain how to run a container using one of Teleport's Docker
images and execute commands on that container via Teleport's `tsh` client.

Since all of Teleport's services are run from the same binary, you can

> use our Docker image to run Teleport services (e.g., the Database Service or App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use our Docker image to run Teleport services (e.g., the Database Service or Application
```
For consistency with the rest of the docs

> Service) or explore the Auth and Proxy Services locally. The distroless container
> does not allow running shells by default so an example of adding another Ubuntu container for
> server access is given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service) or explore the Auth and Proxy Services locally. In this guide, we will also show you how to join a server (in this case, an Ubuntu container) to your local Dockerized Teleport cluster.
```
Rather than say, "Here's this cumbersome limit to our own product that we're overcoming in this guide", I think it would make sense to use a positive formulation. I don't think we lose any meaning this way.

Since all of Teleport's services are run from the same binary, you can
use our Docker image to run Node services (e.g., the Database Service or App

> Service) or explore the Auth and Proxy Services locally. The distroless container

Reviewer: If we're expanding this Notice to introduce the scope of this guide, we should make it visible to all scopes.

Also, the let's not say "Node services", since the docs don't use this term anymore.

Finally, will a reader know what "the distroless container" means at this point on the page? I think we need to introduce the fact that Teleport containers are distroless by default before we say that we are joining a container to the cluster to demonstrate server access.

Author: Please see updates @ptgott , distroless address and updated scope for this

# This container will write the config and immediately exit--this is expected.
$ docker run --hostname localhost --rm \
  --entrypoint=/usr/local/bin/teleport \

>   ${TELEPORT_DOCKER_IMAGE} configure --roles=proxy,auth > ~/teleport/config/teleport.yaml

Reviewer: Do we need to use the home directory here? This might be unexpected for a user who wants to create their own project directory for this demo

Author: This is how we've had it for quite a while.  This lets them spin it up in a user account dir vs requiring `sudo` checks an things.  I would leave it as is.

(!docs/pages/includes/insecure-certificate.mdx!)

## Step 4/4. Try server access

The Teleport container we spun up earlier runs the Teleport Proxy and Auth Services.  You can try
accessing a server through Teleport by installing the Teleport SSH Service
on an Ubuntu Docker container. Here are the steps.

First start an Ubuntu container:

```code
$ docker run -it --name=example-server --hostname=example-server ubuntu:latest bash
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you start your shell within the Ubuntu container, run the following commands to install the Teleport SSH Service:
```
To make it explicit where to run the commands below

| tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/teleport.list > /dev/null
$ apt-get update
$ apt-get install teleport
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem scope={["enterprise", "cloud"]} label="Enterprise">

```code
# Docker container will start and you can install Teleport
$ apt update && apt install curl -y
# Download Teleport's PGP public key

$ curl https://apt.releases.teleport.dev/gpg \
-o /usr/share/keyrings/teleport-archive-keyring.asc
# Source variables about OS version

$ source /etc/os-release
# Add the Teleport APT repository for v12. You'll need to update this
# file for each major release of Teleport.
# Note: if using a fork of Debian or Ubuntu you may need to use '$ID_LIKE'
# and the codename your distro was forked from instead of '$ID' and '$VERSION_CODENAME'.
# Supported versions are listed here: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/build.assets/tooling/cmd/build-os-package-repos/runners.go#L42-L67

$ echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/teleport-archive-keyring.asc] \
https://apt.releases.teleport.dev/${ID?} ${VERSION_CODENAME?} stable/v12" \
| tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/teleport.list > /dev/null
$ apt-get update
$ apt-get install teleport-ent
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Keep the docker `example-server` terminal running and run a separate command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep the Docker `example-server` terminal running and run a separate command
```

> in another terminal to add a node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in another terminal to create a join token that the Teleport SSH Service will use to establish trust with your Teleport cluster:
```

```code
$ docker exec teleport tctl nodes add
# The invite token: 02adc78db14c4958a94a78e216fba689
# This token will expire in 30 minutes.

# Run this on the new node to join the cluster:

# > teleport start \
   --roles=node \
   --token=02adc78db14c4958a94a78e216fba689 \
   --ca-pin=sha256:51c0e24825fae3133da0d8659f4dd533808e2dc92c000b577c8725b6cbcb66ae \
   --auth-server=172.17.0.2:3025

# Please note:

#   - This invitation token will expire in 30 minutes
#   - 172.17.0.2:3025 must be reachable from the new node
  ```

> Copy the full `teleport start` command and run in the `example-server` docker terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the full `teleport start` command and run it in the `example-server` Docker container shell.
```

> Open another terminal window and confirm the node was added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open another terminal window and confirm that you joined the SSH Service to the cluster
```

(!docs/pages/includes/insecure-certificate.mdx!)

> ## Step 4/4. Try Server Access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4/4. Try server access
```
We're not positioning "Server Access" as a separate product anymore

> This docker installation includes just the Teleport Proxy and Auth Service.  You can try

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Teleport container we spun up earlier runs the Teleport Proxy and Auth Services.  You can try
```

accessing a server through Teleport by installing the Teleport SSH Service

> on a Ubuntu docker container. Here are the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on an Ubuntu Docker container. Here are the steps.
```

Reviewer: Also, does this have to be Ubuntu, or are we using Ubuntu to demonstrate? This kind of makes it sound like the former, even though we know it's the latter.

Author: Ubuntu is just a example and matches to the cloud example.

> First start a Ubuntu image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First start an Ubuntu container:
```

```code
$ docker run -it --name=example-server --hostname=example-server ubuntu:latest bash
```

<Tabs>

> <TabItem scope={["oss"]} label="Open Source">

Reviewer: Could we include `curl` instructions in one snippet, then include the `install-linux.mdx` partial?

Author: The install linux includes `sudo`, we'd have to include that too to install.  Plus the install linux includes multiple types.

$ apt-get install teleport
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem scope={["enterprise", "cloud"]} label="Enterprise">
```code
# Docker container will start and you can install Teleport
$ apt update && apt install curl -y
# Download Teleport's PGP public key

$ curl https://apt.releases.teleport.dev/gpg \
-o /usr/share/keyrings/teleport-archive-keyring.asc
# Source variables about OS version

$ source /etc/os-release
# Add the Teleport APT repository for v12. You'll need to update this
# file for each major release of Teleport.
# Note: if using a fork of Debian or Ubuntu you may need to use '$ID_LIKE'
# and the codename your distro was forked from instead of '$ID' and '$VERSION_CODENAME'.
# Supported versions are listed here: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/build.assets/tooling/cmd/build-os-package-repos/runners.go#L42-L67

$ echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/teleport-archive-keyring.asc] \
https://apt.releases.teleport.dev/${ID?} ${VERSION_CODENAME?} stable/v12" \
| tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/teleport.list > /dev/null
$ apt-get update
$ apt-get install teleport-ent
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Keep the docker `example-server` Terminal running and run a separate command

> in another terminal to add a node.

Reviewer: Let's fix the capitalization here

```code
$ docker exec teleport tctl nodes add
# The invite token: 02adc78db14c4958a94a78e216fba689
# This token will expire in 30 minutes.

# Run this on the new node to join the cluster:

# > teleport start \
   --roles=node \
   --token=02adc78db14c4958a94a78e216fba689 \
   --ca-pin=sha256:51c0e24825fae3133da0d8659f4dd533808e2dc92c000b577c8725b6cbcb66ae \
   --auth-server=172.17.0.2:3025

# Please note:

#   - This invitation token will expire in 30 minutes
#   - 172.17.0.2:3025 must be reachable from the new node
  ```

Copy the full `teleport start` command and run in the `example-server` docker terminal.

> Open another terminal windows and confirm the node was added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open another terminal window and confirm the node was added
```

```code
$ tsh ls
# Node Name      Address         Labels
# -------------- --------------- ------
# example-server 172.17.0.3:3022
```

> To SSH into the local Node called `example-server`:

Reviewer: "Node" usage

```code
$ tsh ssh root@example-server
```

This will bring up the Linux command prompt where you can issue Bash commands, traverse the directory tree, and explore the container contents:

```txt
root@example-server:~# 
```

After exiting the session you can replay the interaction from the command line:

```code
$ tsh recordings ls
# ID                                   Type Participants Hostname       Timestamp
# ------------------------------------ ---- ------------ -------------- ------------------------
# 1da4faa9-01e9-4241-875f-4143f302c9c4 ssh  testuser     example-server Apr 13 2023 16:46:59 UTC
$ tsh play 1da4faa9-01e9-4241-875f-4143f302c9c4
```

## Troubleshooting

> Teleport provides a debug version that includes a Busybox shell. These are not intended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport provides a container image that includes a Busybox shell. This image is not intended
```

<Tabs>
<TabItem scope={["oss"]} label="Open Source">

Use the debug image with the same data and configuration.

```code
# Debug Docker image to use. Defaults to the host architecture. Use the `--platform`
# option in `docker run` to override.
$ TELEPORT_DOCKER_IMAGE=(=teleport.latest_oss_debug_docker_image=)
# Start Teleport with mounted config and data directories, plus all ports
$ docker run --hostname localhost --name teleport \
  -v ~/teleport/config:/etc/teleport \
  -v ~/teleport/data:/var/lib/teleport \
  -p 3025:3025 -p 3080:3080 \
  ${TELEPORT_DOCKER_IMAGE}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem scope={["enterprise", "cloud"]} label="Enterprise">

Use the debug image with the same data and configuration.

```code
# Debug Docker image to use. Defaults to the host architecture. Use the `--platform`
# option in `docker run` to override.
$ TELEPORT_DOCKER_IMAGE=(=teleport.latest_ent_debug_docker_image=)
# Start Teleport with mounted config and data directories, plus all ports
$ docker run --hostname localhost --name teleport \
  -v ~/teleport/config:/etc/teleport \
  -v ~/teleport/data:/var/lib/teleport \
  -p 3025:3025 -p 3080:3080 \
  ${TELEPORT_DOCKER_IMAGE}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Now you can open a `sh` shell within the docker container to perform any troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can open a `sh` shell within the Docker container to perform any troubleshooting.
```
The product name is "Docker"

```code
$ docker exec -it teleport sh
$ tctl status
```

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
